Improved documentation (#41)
fox-it/dissect-docs: docs/source/advanced/children.rst

Children
========

> Child targets are nested targets. Targets can contain nested targets, this is almost always the case if
> the target is an hypervisor. After retrieving a child target, it behaves just like a regular target, all
> the plugin methods are available. The following child targets are supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dissect supports the concept of targets within targets, referred to as child or nested targets. This can be useful when dealing with hypervisors, where we can individually address each virtual machine as a separate target. Child targets behave just like regular targets, so all functionality and plugins we can expect on a regular target is available on a child target.

Child targets can be anything that Dissect already supports, but we also provide some automatic detection of child targets for certain systems. Automatic child target detection is currently supported for:
```

> * ESXi
> * Hyper-V 
> * Virtuozzo
> * VMWare
> * WSL

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* VMware ESXi (also known as vSphere)
* VMWare Workstation
* Microsoft Hyper-V 
* Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL2)
* Virtuozzo
```

> To obtain a list of nested targets use ``list_children``:

Reviewer: Is it a good idea to directly start with listing API methods? Should you not start with introducing how to interface with it from e.g. `target-query`?

Children
========

Dissect also supports the concept of targets within targets, referred to as child targets. For example, when a
target contains a ``.vmdk`` file within itself, we can tell ``dissect.target`` to load that target from within the
context of the first target. This can be useful when dealing with hypervisors.

Say, for example, we opened a Hyper-V target locally from ``\\.\PhysicalDrive0``, we can parse the metadata
in ``ProgramData/Microsoft/Windows/Hyper-V/data.vmcx`` that tells us where all of the virtual machines are stored.

> Then we can then use these paths and tell ``dissect.target`` to load another target from there. Reading all of these

Author: Rephrased.

files will still happen from ``\\.\PhysicalDrive0``, passing through the various abstraction layers of ``dissect.target``.
This allows Dissect to read the disks from running virtual machines, regardless of locks the operating has on these files.

Child targets can be anything that Dissect already supports, but we also provide some automatic detection of 
child targets for certain systems. Automatic child target detection is currently supported for:

* VMware ESXi (also known as vSphere)
* VMWare Workstation
* Microsoft Hyper-V 
* Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL2)
* Virtuozzo

Using child targets
-------------------

To apply ``target-query`` to child targets simply add the ``--children`` flag like this:

.. code-block:: console

    $ target-query /path/to/target -f hostname --children

Replace the example path ``/path/to/target`` with the path to the host image.
To just query a specific child, simply use the ``--child`` option and provide the path to
the file within the host target that contains the child target:

.. code-block:: console

>     $ target-query /path/to/target -f hostname --child /virtualmachines/host123.vmcx

Author: > We also support accessing targets by the index number e.g. `target-query /path/to/target -f hostname --child 1`

Agreed, added

When using ``target-shell`` you can access the child target by using the ``enter`` command:

.. code-block:: console

    $ enter host123.vmcx

Child target API
----------------

To obtain a list of nested targets use ``list_children``:

.. code-block:: python

    target = Target.open("host.img")
    target.list_children()

This will produce a list of records describing the child targets inside:

.. code-block:: console

    <target/child ... type='hyper-v' path='C:\Hyper-V\Virtual Machines\EC04F346-DB96-4700-AF5B-77B3C56C38BD.vmcx'>

You can now open each target by passing the path attribute to the ``target.open_child()`` method:

> .. code-block:: python

Reviewer 2: Consider expanding upon this example taking account with the code above. To create a more 'code' complete example.

Author: At this point the behavior is the same as a regular target so why should I elaborate on that? Any code here would just clutter the general structure of the document.

    target.open_child(child.path)
    
To open all child targets of a target:

.. code-block:: python

    children = target.open_children()
    
This can also be done recursively by passing ``True`` as a parameter.
To open all child targets when opening a batch of targets:

.. code-block:: python

    all = Target.open_all(["hyper1.img","hyper2.img"], children=True)

Child targets are loaded through special ``Child plugins`` that reside in the
``/dissect/target/plugins/child`` folder. To get a list of all child plugins
available:

.. code-block:: python

    supported_children = child_plugins()

> To craft your own child plugin, subclass the ``ChildTargetPlugin`` and implement the

Reviewer 2: Linking to the API reference of `ChildTargetPlugin` helps users find the more technical documentation in question.

Reviewer 2: Linking to the Hyper-V variant of the ChildPling as well might be a good idea for a starting point / code example.
